----> 100Days_of_Code
Accumulated knowledge of the course

Day 01: String Manipulation, Debugging and Variable Naming
#I already knew most of it but it's always good to re-watch what you know.

Days 02: Data Types, Mathematical Operations and Number Manipulation
#I don't understand why f-string isn't the standard way to print :expressionless:.

Day 03: Nested if statements, elif statements and logical operators
#It was so much fun creating the leap year calculator, it was my second time making a nested if statement but it was my first using it with numbers in python. The game itself was pretty simple.

Day 04: Mostly random modules and nested lists manipulation
#Like the first time I encountered 'for loops', the random module open a whole new world for me. Debugging can be as hard as it is to write the code in the first place.

Day 05: Python For Loops
#Using if statements inside for loops can be done with so many different aproaches

Day 06: While Loops
#Personal reminder: use while loops when you don't know how many times you need to iterate a code block.

Day 07: The whole day was dedicated to create a hangman game with 213 words and improving user experience
#Lists and strings can be similarly altered and manipulated, but you need the right tools to achieve it.

Day 08: Functions parameters and arguments
#Assinging and indicating what parameter carries what values is very useful and way better than just using positional argument

Day 09: Dictionaries, nesting lists inside dictionaries and vice versa
#Now I have to remember that after the key declaration you need colon to attribute a reference

DAY 10: Using returns in functions and Docstrings
#I can believe I got to the tenth day and I'll keep going

Day 11: Creating a game of Blackjack
#No new topic was presented, except the functions to remove and sum the itens inside a list

Day 12: Scope and Global Variables
#Created the Number Guessing Game and fortunately wasn't too difficult for me

Day 13: Practicing Debugging
#Ten tips were presented to fix a program (including the usage of PythonTutor)

Day 14: Creating the Higher or Lower Comparison Game
#It took a lot of syntax to get here and I`m happy that I could make this game without so many bugs

Day 15: Coffee Machine 
#This exercise could be simpler if I knew that I could create more functions than tasks

Day 16: Object Oriented Programming
#Finally got into intermediate section and I'm proud of myself.

Day 17: Benefits of OOP
#It was so amazing to switch questions of the quiz project by just altering the question bank. If I had followed another path on the last task I could've done it faster as well.

Day 18: Graphical User Interface (GUI)
#Programming and controlling graphics using the Turtle module was fun and made me use my mathematical thinking, which I love to do.

Day 19: Event Listeners, State and Multiple Instances
#

Day 20:
